stories
and
I ordered health, they started
telling you and from Ukraine they speak
English you are from where
I descend from my Moscow Ilsky Moscow and
Moscow
near me I will ask people from Russia how you feel
about the war in Ukraine
passed
thanks thanks well yes
here amoled
how do you feel about him
it’s obvious what you are
reading when the war of trade relations
between astana forgot to maintain between us
it’s called special military
operations, I call it
military action
to trade this operation is carried out between
countries can be carried out until
now and well, for example, the
moment
why
take look we are delivering through the
territory of ukraine is coming  gas to the allies of
ukraine europe why do we need to cut off the
gas to our allies to make it harder for him
no
well let’s say yes we now need gas it
can be seen well maybe yes that is, it
turns out look I don’t know and you
don’t have it impossible didn’t give
I don’t know but look even if  we
need gas to fight russia we
will buy extinguish on  m we need a solarium
we wrote from you bought in order to
charge our banks in what when there is a
war trade relations between why
this is so the decision is always
Germany is
not dirty with it and you are not ready yet if you are
not ready to answer well and something is
obtained  look you now what is
war war is a military invasion of the
territory of a foreign state
fighting it everything that is the
rest it can already be
cultural exchanges can people even travel
before during the war and
that there is a war going on you want to chat
that this is not a war yet  to this thing
we can dunk objectively
look we can start from
any term and there let this festival
walk can be called a cat in this
special there tourist operation
it is for internal for internal
use is true how do you feel
about that let's so your
country has invaded the territory  Ukraine
when,
in fact, there is no war now, now there
is military action, I explain why
mu now you just don’t sell on gas in short, not only gas partner is also a business there, too, commerce is all here it’s different houses, something there is no longer 100 rubles and some kind of perlin Russia protects its borders in the Kherson region of Kyiv, Donetsk, Tanya made me a friend look in short, where the first year is shorter, the case with the first karoch you have in Ukraine, the scene passed you shorter there in the constitution, I still don’t know, look shorter pom pom poms, what is the name of the declaration, the declaration of independence was stolen, that the dependencies are not specific, let’s bring down the documents specifically, here you are, for example you will write and read to me tell me what document and this is from no year in the ninety-first year so there is 90 there was a declaration on state sovereignty it was still accepted by the Ukrainian Soviet socialist republic 90 in general everyone’s [ __ ] see the essence of some kind that Ukraine cannot be any type of part of the military blocks is with whom she signed this it was written there  but in short, if
there is some kind of declaration, this is a declaration
in front of him,
damn it,
and after that they won again that Ukraine is
obligated to whom Ukraine
obliges some kind of declaration somewhere, you can
say here did it to no one, she
herself made a decision that something is not for
independently free  type of state and
independence implies that we,
although it is written that it cannot
be
you for a very long time display sovereignty
implies that the state itself
decides how it wants to be it in blocks
today in blocks tomorrow you don’t
understand
once again grown inside what an
independent state means
it’s written there before the declaration
it says that Ukraine cannot
be part of the war, it was, for example,
migrants, I don’t know the details, an example is fighting, and
Italy says Ukraine please help us
in short,
where and what follows so there is, I
can name  for example, resolutions
of the United Nations, so
resolutions of the region where it is clearly indicated
that Russia has occupied part of
Ukraine, so where Russia has occupied Crimea,
where Russia has occupied part of the Donetsk
region, children I will read you an official
document
that this occupation yes then prove
see give this is the first link I throw
you
Luxembourgish and the declaration
and resolution adopted by the Parliamentary
Assembly of the bs e on 28 at the annual
session luxembourg 4
take it to google and write
it in Luxembourgish and the declaration of the os e
so there is a resolution militarization
the Russian Federation temporarily
occupied Autonomous Republic of
Crimea and the city of Sevastopol Ukraine black
Sea of Azov jacket consi
ering that the temporary occupation of Crimea and the use o
force and threat of force against the terri
orial integrity and polit
cal independence of Ukraine by the R
ssian Federation are contr
ry to  commitments containing
themselves to please the ax the Budapest
Memorandum then
further 19 supporting the provision of the
necessary resources for
capacity building, all in particular through the
use of technical surveillance equipment for
unmanned aerial
vehicles and an imaging satellite to
monitor the situation in the Sea of Azov, the Kerch
Strait urges
the Russian Federation to elimi
ate  all restrictions on
activities do not get angry especially in the
southern regions of the Donetsk region occupied by Russia
adjacent to the
sea of Azov and so on have already opened this docum
nt  you weren’t
busy with the adata computer, you won’t be alone, I’m doing
parallel work,
that’s exactly when you entered
this before, you spoke to me and
didn’t work in parallel here, they started
working in parallel, it also said a
couple,
that is, in international documents  ntah
officially recognized russia as the aggressor
see
my name is andrey return
my name is you what is the name of
alex see this opinion is not andrey
not alex this is a clearly legally
expressed fact in the resolution of the
parliamentary assembly of the obse
people who are not just sitting in a
chat-roulette during work there are people
who  they have certain data
based on international treaties it
is clearly written down in points you can
open it and read
if the
world recognizes Russia as an aggressor clearly
indicates the occupation of the autonomous
republic of crimea and the city of sevastopol
parts of the Donetsk lugansk region
but you yourself understand what kind of occupation we are talking about
when we have
our fleet in the Crimea in  the fleet of the russian
federation in russia until 91
stood in certain
sevastopol still
stood you understand who you can’t look at
everything in simferopol you never had your
fleet is it true
you can many times you can
have a lot more so but let’s
rely on documents in  documents
for some reason all the leaders in  t this state
they are bad before they
cut through the
Luxembourg declaration there are resolutions of the
parliamentary assembly of the obse topic
representatives of these countries they are bad they
understand worse than gopro turf and who are
bad you
all I'm not a member of the BSE it's true
they maybe she is in Russia
everything is so Russia recognizes  the documents will
explain everything clearly and not and not ambiguously, he
calls Russia an aggressor, he recognizes the
sovereignty of Ukraine, and he says that
Russia occupied Crimea, he founded the
Republic of Crimea, the city of Sevastopol and
parts of the Donetsk region,
Uncle Vanya,
well, you will be in this
international significance about clearly
fixing it according to the documents, let's
you recognize
documented
work is over and finished again
below, let's deal with this and
move on to yours to what you want in
international documents russia is
fixed as an aggressor so
let's now you wanted to say there
maybe I don't know
let's what is needed in this section about the
declaration
important everything is elementary
20  there is a city of ukra  Others started networking
about the constitution or about the declaration
your
constitution refers to you know come on and in
short just vidiq decoration for the
eternity of the planet you will find such there is
no such declaration on the independence of
ukraine no
no there is no document with the name of
such a document with the name declarant of
independence of ukraine
igor
no i  I opened it with you, I didn’t
guess in detail about independence, you even
became personally on google, killed the old one
there again from the document with the name
Declaration of Independence
with documents
seconds
to the bottom of the
next year,
get ready, you go to the roll,
start sweeping, don’t kill work, start
it then, and strongly,
he doesn’t have a declaration of independence
, we don’t have a declaration of independence from the
failure of Sean
without the humidity of Ukraine and the declaration of the
sale of Weiss by thieves, then what
do
we  data seed is so versed in
ukrainian  In short, I thought so about some documents, and so I figured out
my own, at least there would
n’t be a troshki to grow and
kept a fire funnier dudes, but maybe they
’re looking for, looking for, looking for, and I do
n’t get smoke from them and masya glory to Ukraine